# Onboarding Disclaimer

Zoth is a fully decentralized lending protocol. Zoth provides blockchain-based financing to small businesses and rewards borrowers who repay with ownership. As more fully explained in the **Terms & Conditions,** your access to and use of the protocol is entirely at your own risk and could lead to capital loss.

We do not provide personal advice in relation to our products or services. We sometimes provide factual information, information about transaction procedures and information about the potential risks. Before investing in any of the Zoth pools, please check the issuer's offering materials and subscription documents including the Executive Summary to understand the terms, conditions, and investment risks of each pool. The issuer provides investment risk factors that are important to understand when considering investing in a pool. You alone assume the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with using any information or other content before making any decisions based on such information or other content.

No communication or information provided to you by Zoth is intended as, or shall be considered or construed as, investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice. You are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you according to your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. No representation or warranty is made concerning any aspect of the protocol, including its suitability, quality, availability, accessibility, accuracy or safety.

Nothing contained in this website is to be construed as a solicitation or offer or recommendation to buy or sell any interest in any note or other security or to engage in any other transaction, and the content herein does not constitute. It should not be considered to constitute an offer of securities. No statement herein made constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy a note or other security. Zoth and its affiliates are not liable nor responsible for the information provided hereby.

The protocol is not available to residents of Belarus, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Suda, Syria, the USA, Yemen and Zimbabwe or any other jurisdiction in which accessing or using the protocol is prohibited. Using the protocol, you confirm that you established in, or a citizen or resident of, a prohibited jurisdiction.

You are not a member of any sanctions list or equivalent maintained by the United States government, the United Kingdom government, the European Union, or the United Nations (collectively, "Sanctions Lists Persons") and you do not intend to transact with any Restricted Person or Sanctions List Person;
