---
hidden: true
cover: ../../.gitbook/assets/Banner 10.png
coverY: 0
---

# ZeUSD - An Omni-chain, and Composable Stable Token

**ZeUSD** is a fully composable RWA-backed Collateralised Debt Position (CDP) stable token issued on top of high-quality liquid off-chain or on-chain RWAs like U.S. T-BIlls, ETFs, MMFs, Reverse Repos, etc.

ZeUSD introduces a permissionless utility layer that integrates seamlessly with DeFi protocols while providing access to sustainable yields through on-chain RWAs. Designed to be both retail and institution-friendly, ZeUSD opens the door to a new era of secure yield-bearing assets for everyone.

### **Key Features of ZeUSD**

* **CDP Enabled -** ZeUSD is fully collateralized by high quality eligible RWAs as a collateralized debt position, comprising a diversified mix of assets such as Treasuries, ETFs, Money Markets Funds, etc. This ensures that ZeUSD remains a stable and reliable asset, backed by regulated, high-quality collateral.
* **Cross-Chain Functionality -** As an omni-chain stable token, ZeUSD operates seamlessly across multiple blockchain ecosystems, allowing users to move assets freely between chains and maximize liquidity across the DeFi landscape.
* **Permissionless Issuance -** While ZeUSD can be freely held in a permissionless manner, it is only issued by holders of eligible collateral through Zoth FI. This maintains regulatory compliance and ensures that each token is backed by real traceable assets.
* **Rebasing Yield Mechanism (Upcoming) -** ZeUSD employs a rebasing mechanism tied to the Net Asset Value (NAV) and Yield Rates of its RWA collateral. This dynamic supply adjustment reflects the performance of the underlying assets, encouraging long-term holding and ensuring that users benefit from the yield generated by the RWAs.
* **Integration with DeFi -** ZeUSD’s omni-chain, composable nature allows it to integrate effortlessly with a wide range of DeFi use cases, including Decentralized Exchanges (DEXs), Single-Sided Liquidity Pools, Lending Markets, and Yield Farming Platforms. Its flexibility makes it an ideal asset for users looking to maximize yield in various DeFi strategies.
