# Legal Disclaimer

This communication (the Content) has been produced by Verified S.V. S.à r.l. (the Company) acting on behalf and for the account of its compartment Zoth Liquid Yield (the Compartment) and it is addressed to prospective qualified investors (the Qualified Investors) within the meaning of article 2(e) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Qualified Investors may invest in the security tokens that are intended to be issued by the Company acting on behalf of its Compartment (the Security Tokens). In this context, retail clients within the meaning of article 4(1)(11) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (the MiFID II) are in no circumstances eligible to invest and thus subscribe to the security tokens.

This communication in no way constitutes an offer or a sales promotion to a person regarding whom it would be illegal to make such an offer. This communication may not be used as an offer or a sales promotion in countries or in conditions where such offers or promotions have not been authorized by the competent authorities. Qualified Investors must ensure they are authorized to invest.

This communication is being circulated as an information only document and does not constitute an offer, a proposal, a solicitation or a prospectus, product disclosure statement, offering memorandum or private placement memorandum for the purpose of Prospectus Regulation, to Qualified Investors to invest in the security tokens described in the communication nor does it form the basis of, or constitute, any contract. This communication does not take into account any particular investment objectives, financial situation nor specific need. The Company will not be held liable for any financial loss or decision taken or not taken on the basis of the information disclosed in the communication, nor for any use that a third party might make of this information. This communication in no way constitutes an advice service, in particular an investment advice within the meaning of MiFID II. In any case, you are responsible for reading regulatory documents of the security tokens and collecting any legal, accounting, financial, or tax consultancy service you may consider necessary, in order to assess the adequacy of your constraints to investment and its merits and risks.

This communication is a non contractual document and serves for information purposes only. This communication is strictly confidential, and it may not be used for any purpose other than that for which it was conceived and may not be copied, distributed or communicated to third parties, in part or in whole, without the prior written consent of the Company.

No information contained in this communication may be interpreted as being contractual in any way. Information contained in this communication is based on present circumstances, intentions, and beliefs and may require subsequent modifications. No responsibility or liability is accepted by the Company towards any person for errors, misstatements or omissions in this communication or, concerning any other such information or materials, for the adequacy, accuracy, completeness or reasonableness of such information. While the information contained in this communication is believed to be accurate, the Company expressly disclaims any and all liability for any representations, expressed or implied, with respect to this communication or any other written or oral communication to any interested party in the course of the preparation of information concerning the security tokens. All information herein deemed to be indicative only the Company, acting on behalf and for the account of its Compartment reserves the right to modify any information contained in the communication any time without notice. More generally, the Company, its shareholders, its managers, its officers and partners, its employees, its representatives, its agents will not be held liable on the basis of the information disclosed in this document, nor for any use that a third party might make of this information. This communication consists of a presentation created and prepared by the Company, acting on behalf and for the account of its Compartment, based on sources it considers to be reliable. However, the Company does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information obtained from external sources included in this communication.

\
