---
description: Business Risk Disclosure & Limited Liability
hidden: true
---

# Risk Disclosure



1. The protocol is/ shall not be liable to the investors and borrowers for any loss, damages, expenses, claims, costs (including, but not limited to legal costs), or expenses arising from any circumstances. The protocol is/ shall not responsible for any loss of profits or special, exemplary, consequential or punitive damages, even if informed of the possibility of such damages. The protocol provides secured investment opportunities; however, it shall not be considered as guaranteed returns.&#x20;
2. Zoth is not liable, and you will not hold Zoth responsible for any delays, defaults, frauds, misrepresentations etc. on part of any counterparty(ies).
3. The protocol does not act as a guarantor to the loan and does not provide securities to the loan. This protocol is also not intended to provide any investment, financial, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax or similar advice, and nothing on this protocol should be construed as an investment recommendation or strategy. You should consult your own investment, legal, tax and/ or similar professionals regarding your specific situation and any specific decisions. The protocol acts as a facilitator, providing the tools and infrastructure to support lending and borrowing, but it is up to the investors to assess the risk and make informed decisions.
4. Zoth may have presented certain forward-looking information based on past performance and certain assumptions which may be relevant for current macro-economic scenarios. However, past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. You should not rely on any past performance as a guarantee of future investment performance. Projections may also not be a reliable indicator of future performance.
5. The aforesaid list of risk factors is not intended to be exhaustive, nor a comprehensive explanation of the risks involved.
6. All here provided information has been carefully researched and checked. Despite taking due care, Zoth does not accept any warranty for the information being correct, complete, and up to date.
7. You acknowledge that, when, where and as required by applicable legislation, Zoth shall report information regarding your transactions, transfers, distributions, or payments to tax or other public authorities. Similarly, when, where and as required by applicable law, Zoth shall withhold taxes related to your transactions, transfers, distributions, or payments. Applicable legislation could also prompt Zoth to request for additional tax information, status, certificates, or documentation. You acknowledge that failure to answer these requests within the timeframe defined, may result in withholding taxes by Zoth, to be remitted to tax authorities as defined by relevant law. You are encouraged to seek professional and personal tax advice regarding the above and before making any digital asset transaction.
8. The taxation of Digital Assets is uncertain, and you are responsible for determining what taxes you might be liable to, and how they apply when transacting through Zoth Services. You are responsible for reporting and paying any taxes that may arise from transacting on Zoth Services, and you acknowledge that Zoth does not provide legal or tax advice relative to these transactions. If you have any doubts about your tax status or obligations when using Zoth Services or with respect to the Digital Assets held to the credit of your Zoth account, you may seek independent advice.
9. In no event shall Metaco's aggregate liability (together with its affiliates, including its and its affiliates' respective stockholders, members, directors, managers, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers, or contractors) arising out of or in connection with the Site and the Services (and any of their content and functionality), any performance or non-performance of the Services, your Digital Assets, Zoth Protocol pools or any product, service or other item provided by or on behalf of Zoth, whether under contract, tort, negligence, civil liability, statute, strict liability or other theory of liability exceed the lesser of US $100 or the amount of fees paid by you to Zoth under these Terms, if any, in the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim for liability.
